Modified postgres folder path for clarity (#4374)
mattermost/docs: source/install/install-ubuntu-2004-postgresql.rst

  ``exit``

> 9. (Optional) If you use a different server for your database and the Mattermost server, you may allow PostgreSQL to listen on all assigned IP addresses. To do so, open ``/etc/postgresql/{version}/main/postgresql.conf`` in a text editor as *root* user. Replace `{version}` with the version of PostgreSQL that is currently running. As a best practice, ensure that only the Mattermost server is able to connect to the PostgreSQL port using a firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. (Optional) If you use a different server for your database and the Mattermost server, you may allow PostgreSQL to listen on all assigned IP addresses. To do so, open ``/etc/postgresql/{version}/main/postgresql.conf`` in a text editor as *root* user. Replace ``{version}`` with the version of PostgreSQL that's currently running. As a best practice, ensure that only the Mattermost server is able to connect to the PostgreSQL port using a firewall.
```

> 9. (Optional) If you use a different server for your database and the Mattermost server, you may allow PostgreSQL to listen on all assigned IP addresses. To do so, open ``/etc/postgresql/{version}/main/postgresql.conf`` in a text editor as *root* user. You will need to replace `{version}` with the version PostgreSQL is currently running. As a best practice, ensure that only the Mattermost server is able to connect to the PostgreSQL port using a firewall.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. (Optional) If you use a different server for your database and the Mattermost server, you may allow PostgreSQL to listen on all assigned IP addresses. To do so, open ``/etc/postgresql/{version}/main/postgresql.conf`` in a text editor as *root* user. Replace `{version}` with the version of PostgreSQL that is currently running. As a best practice, ensure that only the Mattermost server is able to connect to the PostgreSQL port using a firewall.
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you! We use the same hard-coded convention for the Ubuntu 18.04 installation documentation as well (https://docs.mattermost.com/install/install-ubuntu-1804.html#) Could you make the same change there for consistency, please?

>   **If the Mattermost server and the database are on the same machine**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **If the Mattermost server and the database are on the same machine:**
```
